---
layout: post
title: From Dota 2 to Python 2
date: 2015-10-26T22:25:27-04:00
---
When I was in grade 8, I stumbled upon a game called Dota 2. At the time, I didn't know what it was, or what the game was about, but I was excited to try the game that I had heard so much about. For those who don't know what Dota 2 is, it is basically a game in which you defend towers, but attack the other team's towers, eventually reaching the heart of their base, their ancient. It is a game similar to League of Legends, and it a real time strategy game, an RTS. However, this game in paticular is a lot harder than others (although this is up for debate), but is also quite addictive.

So in the summer of grade 8, I started to play this game with a friend of mine. We played every day pretty much, having fun, even though we died constantly and were terrible at the game. At one point however, we started to get better and learn from our mistakes. We watched the professionals play and we started to improve, but this is where things started to go downhill. We started to get annoyed at others, because they made the same mistakes we did when we started, but instead they were much more "salty", rather aggravating. Every two seconds I would find myself saying "Oh mon dieux" or something worse along those lines. Come grade 9, we continued to play this game, with newly found friends and new strategies.

However at one point, it got too much for my friend and I. We quit Dota 2 for a while, for about a stretch of 3 months, just until after exams. We found ourselves feeling much better every day, not getting annoyed at people, coding more, etc. I found myself playing other games, like Maplestory, Planetside 2, etc. At the time, gaming was my outlet, where I could let go of all my built up emotions and just be someone else entierly.

Fast forward to the summer of grade 9, and I found myself at a crossroad. I liked playing Dota, but I also found myself hating it at times. My choice was to either stop playing Dota to find myself eventually coming back to it, or continue playing it and not do anything productive. If you know me, you know I don't like two choices. I made a third choice, and I gave up gaming entierly, for the most part at least. I started learning HTML and CSS, using the command line (which is what is used to run this blog), as well as learning other languages and being more productive.

So what's my point in all this? Am I trying to say gaming is bad? No, actually it is the opposite. What I'm trying to say is always reflect on what you are doing, and make sure you are doing the thing that you truly wish you could be doing. I know this may sound, cheesy, and I often make things cheesy, but I'm dead serious. Even today, I rarely play video games, apart from the occasional jump on Maplestory maybe 3 times a week for about a half hour, from my 2 hour gaming sessions of Dota 2 every day. I now make time to write this blog, work on problems for Computer Science, etc. So that's it for this rant about my life and how gaming affected it, but I hope you took something from this, or if you didn't, I hope you learned something about me from this.  
