---
title: Spectre - Movie Experience
layout: post
date: 2015-11-20T16:16:24+00:00
---

Recently, I went for the movie Spectre with one of my good friends. Spectre is your classic James Bond movie, with girls, action, and your classic villain. However, with Spectre, there's a twist. I won't expain the twist, as it makes this post suspectible to spoliers, but I'll say that the villain, or "organization", was originally introduced in Dr. No, the first James Bond movie. This reveals the sense of countuity throughout all the James Bond movies, as there is also a villain that is prominent in addition to the hero.  The movie was quite nostalgic for me, as I felt I hadn't watched a James Bond movie for ages, when realllyit had been less than two years. Growing up, most people would have watched Dora, or shows similar to that. With me however, Star Wars and James Bond was my childhood. I loved those classic car chases like the one in DIe Another Day, with James Bond in the classic Aston Martin.

Moving on to the actual movie, which was quite good. However, the one part I wish that was better were the expressions of Daniel Craig. He, by nature, is very expressionless, always being quite serious. It ruins the experience, as even during the romantic parts he seems like he is fighting a war. Due to this however, he does make a damn good James Bond, taking it quite seriously, unlike some of the other James Bonds. Roger Moore made 007 seem like a joke, using gadgets and tricks to make everything seem easy. Daniel Craig makes everything seem like a challenge, which is an aspect needed in a spy movie, but he needs to take it down a notch in certain places. On the flip side, there were many great things about the movie as well. I loved the new quartermaster (even though he was in Skyfall), I liked how in this movie he played a greater role than just the "gadget guy".  Secondly, I loved that the gadgets in the movie were much more subtle, with small uses rather than the prominent ones that save James Bond. I won't say more about the movie, as I think I've spoiled enough already.

I went to the movie in IMAX, and I loved it. I was originally debating between UltraAVX and IMAX, but in the end we decided to go to IMAX.  It was worth the amount of paid, which at the time, I thought was a hell lot (at the time being about 2 weeks ago). However, after watching the movie in IMAX, I can't imagine what it would have been like watching it in regular, as the sounds were one of the best parts of the movie.  Everytime there was an explosion, or a fight sequence, my ears would ring due to the immense sound. 

All in all, I loved the experience as it had been a while since I had actually gone for a movie, the last one being Inside Out, which was a month or so after it came out, so not that long ago, but enough to make me forget. Nostalgia hit me hard, especially with that original introduction, when Daniel Craig walks in and shoots in front of him (It's hard to explain, I apologize).  The next movie on my list, rather the next one I'll write about which is even more nostalgic is the upcoming Star Wars Movie. Until next time, sayonara!

