---
layout: post
title: Coding Monopoly?
date: 2015-11-09T23:54:13+00:00
---
Recently, I got back into programming, as mentioned in my last post. Although I like programming in python, I sometimes, well often, feel the restraints of python as a language, especially when it comes to defining variables and setting datatypes. For those don't understand what I mean, python dynamically sets the data types of variables, lists, subprograms, etc. Additionally, other languages like Java and C++ were designed with one specific purpose: Object-Oriented Programming. OOP isn't really possible in Python, and here started my journey to learn a new language.

Once I made the decision to learn a new language, I found myself at yet another crossroad. I had two choices, or rather two languages that I had to pick from to learn; Java and C++. I had learnt C++ back when I was in grade 7 or 8, and it's one of the languages whose syntax is quite easy to forget. However, I did recognize pieces of it, as a good friend of mine programs mostly in C++, in addition to Python. I finally made the decision to try something new, something different than what I was used to, Java. I currently am taking grade 11 computer science in high school, although I am in grade 10, and I often regret the fact that I didn't take grade 12, as I find the topics we learn too easy at times. Java is taught to the grade 12's, so I figured it would only be fitting to learn Java.

I started to learn Java, and found that the syntax was surprisingly similar, and almost instantly got to advanced topics like OOP, as most of the logical reasoning and syntax were quite easy to pick up, thanks to both the course I was taking as well as my previous endevours in C++. So once I started learning OOP, I decided I need a challenge, something to program as a way of demonstrating my newfound knowledge. I couldn't think of anything at that moment, so I decided to sleep on it, and perhaps decide the next day. At school, a friend of mine (as you can see friends often inspire me) actually told me that he was programming a monopoly game using OOP!

This is the place where I got an idea, a wonderful idea (in my opinion). I figured that it would be fun for him and I to code the program seperately, the same one, and then reconvene and see how each one did it, and how differently. So I started programming, using a seperate class for the people in the game, and within that having methods for a turn, such as rolling a dice and buying/selling properties, etc. This is where I ran into my first problem, how to actually store all the information of the spaces, or each property/airport/wildcard etc. Do I use a text file to import my data from, use arrays, how? I am yet to find a solution to this problem, and I probably will, but for now the project is on a full stop until I get through this week of school, as I have tests upon tests, mid term practicals and quizzes, etc.

Update Number 1: I have decided to put my monopoly project on hold while I put time aside to learn andoid dev. I am also overwhelmed with school at the moment, so I don't have much time for any extra activities. Sorry :-(

I'll keep you guys or gals, updated on both my solution, as well as future problems and interesting endevours I have. Until then, sayonara!
