---
title: No, I Am Your Father
date: 2016-02-07T21:12:23-05:00
---
Alright, first off I'M SORRY :( I know I said would post about the new Star Wars movies but I never really did. It's been 1.5 months since I first watched the movie, and I think it's high time I do a formal-esque review. Let me start off with a bit of a background on when I watched the original movies. When I first watched them, I absolutely fell in love with them. I swung mop sticks around the house, made lightsaber noises with my house, and did everything a kid in love with Star Wars would do. I always found myself loving the whole Star Wars theme, and this is even prominent today. In fact, quite recently I spent about 50 hours editing <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nJ55_RCwvw" title="Title">this video.</a>

So on to the actual movie. The movie was freaking amazing. I loved every second of it, and like I said in my Spectre post, it was quite nostalgic for me. I loved the way they did the film, in the way that the mixed the plot of the original movies with a brand new one. For those who haven't watched the movie as of yet, I suggest you do not read the remainder of this post as there might be possible spoilers.

Still with me? Alright, so I like what they did with Rey, and how she reminds me of Luke in the 4th movie. Both lived on a desert planet, was the so-called "underdog" of the film. The action in the movie was that of a classic Star Wars movie - lasers flying everywhere, a couple lightsaber fights (although more like 1 main one), and a lot of emotion. Perhaps the last one was not so much of a classic Star Wars trait. There were also a lot of subtle hints throughout, such as the "broken" looking lightsaber belonging to Kylo Ren, the small cutscenes of Rey's family, and how we see the Force slowly develop in Rey thorughout the movie.

Now moving on to if it's worth watching. My personal take: HELL YES. GO WATCH IT. What I would recommend however, is that you watch the original movies first (only the 4th, 5th, and 6th count). It allows you to see many more context clues, and see exactly why the characters acted the way they did throughout. I know I'm not the best person at reviewing movies, but I like to think of my reviews more as experiences. However my personal review: 9/10. As much as the movie was great, there were places they could improve on such as the overall redundancy between the original movies and the new trilogy, such as the pub, Rey's home planet, etc. One could consider these as good things, but they can be interpreted both ways. I guess that,s it, until next time - may the force be with you! 
