---
title: Assassin's Creed: A Game with Potential
date: 2016-06-01T09:31:47-04:00
---
Today, one of the most popular game franchises is the Assassin's Creed franchise. A new game is released nearly every single year, and although Ubisoft has hit a few bumps in the road which nearly ruined their franchise, I still believe the entire concept of the game was a genius one. I recently just finished playing the original Assassin's Creed, and I am currently playing through the second one. First of all, the concept behind the first game was a genius one, and it had such great potential. However, this is not to say that it was executed properly, as it clearly wasn't in the game. Before I go into the nitty gritty, be wary of minor spoilers as there might happen to be a few in this review, but I'll try my best to stray from them. The story is basically based on one thing - the fact that there is a thousand year old war that takes place between two races - the templars and the assassins.

The character that you play is a man named Altair, who basically is an assassin playing a big role in the war. Over the game, you are made to assassinate a group of people, and this is where Ubisoft went wrong. The assassinations are very, very repetitive, and at one point it gets terribly boring. Find the bureau, eavesdrop/pickpocket/interrogate to gather information, and then kill the guy. The ways of assassinating a target are cool, whether you use a blade hidden in your sleeve, or go full on by fighting a group of guards with your sword, or even using something like a dagger and stealthily killing your target. Although assassination is a very neat part of the game, the appeal of the series does not lie in this area.

The game really shines when it comes to the free-running. I mean, there hasn't been a game to date, that I know of at least, that follows the concept introduced by Assassin's Creed where you can climb nearly EVERY building. The sheer amount of detail that went into this game is what gave it so much potential, but it is a shame that the story of the game was what ruined this particular one. The repetitive quests, the lack of side missions and something new to do in each quest, made it such a big letdown. This is not to say that it was an all-around game, it was certainly a good attempt for "testing the waters" of this franchise. I'm not going to necessarily talk about the graphics of this game as it is 9 years old, but to be honest, they're not that bad.

Overall, Ubisoft could have made this game so much better if they had simple made it less repetitive and basically spent more time on the quests, perhaps as much as they did on the world. Each city was so intricate, and it almost was able to replicate what it would have been like to live in those cities at that time period. This brings me to my next point - the sequel. I'm speechless. Every problem I mentioned above was fixed in the sequel, from the repetitive quests, to the story, to basically the entire game. A better upgrade system was created, where money was used to upgrade gear instead of it being given to you, where better graphics was introduced (which was to be expected) and a basically more fluid game. In my personal recommendation, I would personally buy the second game instead of the as it was such a massive improvement from the That's it from me, until next time, ciao!
