---
title: The Ultimate Switch
date: 2016-02-01T13:49:58-05:00
---
So when I say the ultimate switch, what exactly do I mean? Most people growing up used to play with toys, or watch endless hours of Treehouse, or do something of the sort. My childhood was a lot different, partly because I grew up with a brother who was 8 years older than me. I always fancied the things he did, such as making powerpoint presentations, or playing Doom on the computer, etc. As soon as he used to finish up with the computer, I used to hop on it and do exactly what he did. Due to this, I grew up with computers. I always used Windows computers, as those were the ones we had around the house. So for about 10 years of my life (the time that I used computers), I was used to Windows PCs. But then, perhaps last month, I found out that my brother was going to switch jobs and join a startup. I was always envious of the things he had, especially his Macbook. I think you can see where this is going. When he told me that he would get a computer from his new job and wouldn't need his Mac, I was excited. He told me that I would get his Mac, and I was astonished. It was always my dream to get a unix machine, due to the sheer power of the OS. The beauty of the OS doesn't hurt either.

Now comes the part of the ultimate switch. It's been about a week since I made the switch to a Mac, and I'm absolutely loving it. I love being able to use the power of git and the power of ruby all within the same terminal. I no longer have to open one terminal for git, and another for everything else. It's not that I don't use my old laptop anymore, I just use that for other purposes instead. I now use my old Lenovo for gaming, and I use the Mac for all my work (school-related and everything else).

The advantages of this are two-fold. First, I'm able to rid myself of any distraction while I'm doing school work, as well as be able to do many things I couldn't do before. Before I got the Macbook, I was having serious issues with my laptop. The power port constantly kept going inside, which meant I had to constantly readjust the port, wasting lots of time. Secondly, I over the course of the 1.5 years I owned this laptop, I had to send it for repair 3 times. Each time I sent it in, I had to waste about 2 months. This meant that in the 18 months I had the laptop, I only had it for 12.

Now that I have less distractions, I'm now able to focus on things I couldn't do before. I'm now able to actually be able to get into Android Development, something that I was never able to focus on before. I finished my first course on it yesterday, and I'm very proud of myself due to that. I'm now taking a new course, the "Developing Android Apps" course by Google on Udacity. I'll look into setting up Android Studio with Github, so in case you're interested, you can look into what exactly I'm doing. That's it for now - sayonara! 
